Oof, Feeling emotion for the first time and
not numbing it with anything is an experience
that I'll never forget. Just, I don't want to
say it's scary, but it kind of is, you
know, feeling yourself again, finding
who you are again.
But after you find it, it's it's great.
I think I got lost.
That's how I explain it.
Being in a box and just walking around,
not doing anything, just being stuck somewhere and
not being able to get out, not being
able to communicate, be a mother,
be a friend or be anything
you're just stuck.
That's what it felt like.
But time's still going.
That never stops.
So the world was going on
and I was stuck in time.
It's what it felt like. Even being 13 I
wanted to feel everything and I liked feeling
things that made me feel good, and that was
bad, even at 13 because drugs made me feel
good. They made me feel invincible.
They made me feel pretty,
they made me feel wanted.
And I didn't need anybody else.
I just had drugs and that was fine because
it made me feel everything that I needed to.
When I had my son and he made
me feel like that cause he needed me.
And he filled that void and made me want to be
who I knew I could be, but on drugs, I
couldn't be that 'cause it just had me stuck.